# ProductiveFlow - An intuitive software application that aids in productivity
ProductiveFlow is a productivity software application that assists various professionals with the adequate tools that they require for their tasks, ensuring productivity as well as a simple and easy-to-use user interface. Software developers, graphic designers, and students use various tools to assist them with their daily tasks. Software developers use code editors and/or IDEs to aid them in programming; graphic designers use many graphic editing and designing programs. Students use numerous tools from office applications to applications that help them keep track of their time and make sure that they are productive.

However, what if a software developer needs to design something. What if a graphic designer needs to code something quick, or what if a student needs to do one of the other tasks. They need to download the tools required for those tasks - this takes a lot of time and effort (maybe money) because they need to download and set up the software that they need, and then they need to learn how to use this software. This takes a significant amount of time and can critically diminish productivity. 

ProductiveFlow is the solution to these obstacles, it empowers developers, graphic designers, and students with the tools that they require all while staying productive. ProductiveFlow includes a simple code editor with all of the principal features that aid in productivity when programming. In addition, it has some other features that significantly boost productivity when programming. Furthermore, ProductiveFlow includes a calendar, to-do list, a stopwatch, and a timer all in one application which is intuitively organized in tabs so the user can access different parts and features of the application with minimal effort. 
